118 core tests directory hashing (#119)
hypertest-cloud/hypertest: packages/hypertest-docs/docs/developers/manifest.md

* **Image Digest Comparison:** When attempting to use the manifest (via the `invoke` method), the application compares the image digest recorded in the manifest with the image digest of the currently deployed cloud function.
* **Validation Flow:** Using the directory hash and the image digest, the application flow checks whether current local changes and the deployment target are consistent with what has been pushed to the cloud (i.e., the exact code that is scheduled to be run).

### Handling Inconsistencies

The system's response can be configured in the event that the application detects an inconsistency (e.g., a mismatch between the local test directory hash and the manifest's deployed hash). Developers are able to configure the application to do one of the following in the event of a mismatch:
* **silence** - Remain silent, ignore the mismatch.
* **warning** - Display a warning, notify the user, but continue

> * **error** - Terminate operation, stop the execution by throwing an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `silence` - Remain silent, ignore the mismatch,
* `warning` - Display a warning, notify the user, but continue,
* `error` - Throw an error and stop execution.
```

Formatting and a bit of rephrase.
